W-14659026-SFDC-Bridge-se (#359)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-overview.adoc

. In the design phase, record a process with RPA Recorder or model the process using BPMN.
. In the build phase, use RPA Builder to edit or create a machine-readable program from the model.
. In the test phase, run an automated process in a test environment.

> . In the production phase, deploy the automated process to a bot and execute it either scheduled in RPA Manager, or create and publish an invocable configuration to Anypoint Exchange and use it with MuleSoft Composer or Salesforce Flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the production phase, deploy the automated process to a bot. Then do one of the following:
* Execute the automated process by scheduling it in RPA Manager.
 * Create and publish an invocable configuration to Anypoint Exchange and use it with MuleSoft Composer or Salesforce Flow.
```

Reviewer: I made the edit above because the sentence was too long. This edit also shows the choices more clearly, I think.

Author: I tried to use your pattern while clarifying the action:

Author: . In the production phase, deploy the automated process to a bot. Choose one or both of the following options:
* Create a run configuration to execute the automated process by scheduling it in RPA Manager.
 * Create and publish an invocable configuration to Anypoint Exchange or Salesforce and use it with MuleSoft Composer or Salesforce Flow.
